Alfonso, we will analyze
the vanguard growth strategy
and we will relate it to
things we have learned.
For example, vertical integration
forward or backwards, entering
your supply chain, in
your suppliers or in
your customers.
And we will analyze it with the
strategy of Igor Ansov, with the
matrix, forgiveness, in which
we can basically grow by penetrating
the market, in the current market,
or product development in our
current market or go to expansion,
which would be market development,
or diversification, which
I think in this case does
not apply.
Tell us this in a historical way.
How did you do it?
What are the main milestones you
have given?
Ok, then see, when we created
Global, which is vanguard, when
we created vanguard the initial
concept was, well, we are two partners,
we do not have a lot of resources,
how we started to
create a distribution company.
A company that can bill without
having to resort to large investments.
In fact, the investments we
have created this company have
been quite small.
And well, the first thing was,
because we had a structure, a network
of developing brands in which
we would then be able to make
them known nationally and then
do something similar internationally,
either to us or through
importers.
Well, this is the master plan,
but the first step was to enter the
supply chain, enter the distribution,
because in addition you need it,
it is less capital-intensive
than if you have to enter the,
in the previous link, which
is the creation of the brand.
Effectively, then, well, what we did
was create a distributor,
which we already had experience
in the past, that was dedicated
to importing products and also
we took that moment to make a
company that already had face
and eyes of what we wanted
to be.
That is, not any company, but already
give it a similar look to what we
wanted to be in the future, because
if not then change is very difficult.
Then, we said, well, let's
start with the distribution, let's
say that in the value chain you would
be, thus, closer to the end,
closer to the end, and we created
an import company.
We started looking for brands that
seemed to be different and that
could also create that blue ocean
or that differentiation, and we
focused on that type.
We created a catalog of products
that allowed us to invoice, which
is fundamental to start having
some cash flows and a payment of
what is the staff, having a minimum
structure, having a marketing person,
having sellers on the street,
that, when you create a company,
because they are usually
the highest costs.
At the end of the day, you get the money and
if you don't succeed it's a well without a bottom.
Once we had success in that creation
of, that is, on that basis of a distribution
company and that we already had,
say, a DNA, a way of selling ourselves,
a way of being, a way of working
the trade, what we decided
was to integrate vertically
towards, that is, well, because
now is the time to be a
manufacturer, to be a brand
owner.
This, obviously, was complicated
because doing it alone also means
a big investment and we always looked
for partners or partners who
were already manufacturing, so
that we were either the 100% owners
of the brand and they made us
a makeup, or we were partners
at 50% or in different percentages,
but they only manufactured
and we were already in
charge of the development
of the brand and the internalization
of the product.
This was a bit of the strategy, it
worked, we found our first partner
that was with Jimare, with Osiro,
and from there we have been developing
different partnerships
with different producers
in all the products we have
generated.
We have not wanted to fully
integrate in manufacturing, that
is, focus on what you do well, which
is also another strategy that I
imagine you will see in the master,
dedicate yourself to your core to focus
on your core and give it and give
it penetration and what does not
add value to the company that others
do, but in this case...
You are great at branding, in
that you are unique, so why
are you going to wear off the
opportunity cost that has to have
all that in the previous slopes
of the supply chain
when there are people who
do it greatly.
exactly to.
There is the whole sense of the world.
Exactly, we partner through
different ways creating companies,
contracts that allow us to take
advantage of that know-how that
exists and that does not really
bring a differential value
in creating a distillery
to a Lambique.
In fact, I think that many companies
make the mistake of starting their
company there, when they have
already put a lot of money
and don't even have sales,
because they are drowned.
So, let's say that initial concept
of market penetration, we started
creating it with brands that
were not ours, but allows you
to generate a significant
sales volume.
Then we go to what is product
development, that is, new
products in existing markets.
Then, that allows us to start
working in our market, which
was Spanish.
We already have a customer base,
we incorporate new products and
allow us to move to the next level.
their own marks.
So, that we started to generate
more sales of own brands and
reduce third-party brands.
We maintain verticality, we
continue to carry third-party
brands that help us continue to
generate an interesting invoice.
There is tension there.
And tensions are generated.
Indeed, we had a clear example
of a Geneva brand we were
carrying at the time and because
the success we had with
Jim Mare led us to break
relationships.
This has happened to
many companies.
Amazon has happened to him, because
Amazon became Amazon Publishing,
it's called.
It was once an e-commerce
book and became an editorial.
So, of course, with the
publishers, Spotify has happened
to the producers, which happens
to everyone.
You will be competing with
your former partners.
Actually, this has actually
happened.
And then what has led us is to distribute
brands where there is no
tension.
Look for brands that complement each other
or that add value.
These are the two things we
started with.
And then later already, and this was
very followed, once we have already
integrated vertically and started
with product development,
we have started to develop markets.
It's the part of how I get bigger
with markets that I'm not, where
I'm not.
And then there began internationalization
and say, well, then come,
we're going to markets.
We choose the most complex markets.
We didn't go like many companies
do, well, because where to buy me.
The markets that must be won.
We went to England, we went
to Germany, we didn't go to Belgium.
Markets are complex and difficult
to enter, but we would rather put
all the focus and all the energy where
it would cost more to introduce
brands.
This also allowed us to
gain a brand image.
Have a stronger brand.
If you are successful
in England, it is unfortunate,
but it is not the same as being successful
in Zimbabwe.
The people of Zimbabwe do not
follow it, but they often go
to England.
They are trending and you see what is happening.
What is happening in England
also has an effect of escalating
the rest of the market.
If you allow it when you are going
to open a new market, it will be easier
or even open up on its own.
Let them call you and tell you, I've
seen this brand in London or I've
seen it in New York.
I would like to bring this
product to Australia.
In fact, it happened to us.
Australia opened up because
they called us because they
had seen the product in England.
So, let's say that would be, say,
the last that is what diversification
is, because a strategy a little
harder, more complicated
than as you already know, has
more risk.
It is not a strategy that we
do not consider.
In fact, diversification, well,
we have made some extension
of line and such, that is not
really a diversification, but
we do leave open the possibilities
because, well, we like as
a company to be very fresh
and be close to trends and
opportunities.
And I think that now there is a
brutal moment in developments of new
ideas at the technological level, at
the level of everything that are
apps, value to the same accounts
that we serve, with which there is
a possibility to offer other
products to those same customers,
but different that do not have to
do with our business.
In fact, we encourage people
working in the company to think
about, hear, I can sell trips
or I can sell experiences,
I can sell distillery visits,
I can sell POS, I can sell another
set of things than the liquid
served in a bottle or served
in a glass, and I think that'
s also important for
the future, having that
door open.